he wants a free man so he's going to
take a slap in the face don't be nice Oh
I'm like YouTube is ready it's going to
hurt a lot
million hits on YouTube making money our
philly kick him in the nuts hard slap
what happened he's got a cup on you
don't know about I'm gonna get kicked in
the nuts for a man I'll kick him in the
nuts for free
rounds about to start make a choice
bitch now
now you're on YouTube bitching out so
either way it's bad
just do the slap
great
I
resolution keep to the desert here
she's got a big kick oh if it was a if
it was a twenty or thirty dollar Matt
maybe but not a $16 man hey silly kick
you don't know he won't like you'll
actually live off the ground if he kicks
you